# Sharing & publication policy

## Social media, livestreaming, and demonstrations

To mitigate the possible risks of AI-generated content, we have set the following policy on permitted sharing.

Posting your own prompts or completions to social media is generally permissible, as is livestreaming your usage or demonstrating our products to groups of people. Please adhere to the following:

    * Manually review each generation before sharing or while streaming.
    * Attribute the content to your name or your company.
    * Indicate that the content is AI-generated in a way no user could reasonably miss or misunderstand.
    * Do not share content that violates our Content Policy or that may offend others.
    * If taking audience requests for prompts, use good judgment; do not input prompts that might result in violations of our Content Policy.
    * If you would like to ensure the OpenAI team is aware of a particular completion, you may email us or use the reporting tools within Playground.
    * Recall that you are interacting with the raw model, which means we do not filter out biased or negative responses. (Also, you can read more about implementing our free Moderation endpoint here.)

## Content co-authored with the OpenAI API

Creators who wish to publish their first-party written content (e.g., a book, compendium of short stories) created in part with the OpenAI API are permitted to do so under the following conditions:

    * The published content is attributed to your name or company.
    * The role of AI in formulating the content is clearly disclosed in a way that no reader could possibly miss, and that a typical reader would find sufficiently easy to understand.
    * Topics of the content do not violate OpenAI’s Content Policy or Terms of Use, e.g., are not related to adult content, spam, hateful content, content that incites violence, or other uses that may cause social harm.
    * We kindly ask that you refrain from sharing outputs that may offend others.

  For instance, one must detail in a Foreword or Introduction (or some place similar) the relative roles of drafting, editing, etc. People should not represent API-generated content as being wholly generated by a human or wholly generated by an AI, and it is a human who must take ultimate responsibility for the content being published.

  Here is some stock language you may use to describe your creative process, provided it is accurate:

  > The author generated this text in part with GPT-3, OpenAI’s large-scale language-generation model. Upon generating draft language, the author reviewed, edited, and revised the language to their own liking and takes ultimate responsibility for the content of this publication.
